
    "What’s the last lie you told?"
    "What was the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done on a date?"
    "Have you ever accidentally hit something (or someone!) with your car?"
    "Name someone you’ve pretended to like but actually couldn’t stand."
    "What’s your most bizarre nickname?"
    "What’s been your most physically painful experience?"
    "What bridges are you glad that you burned?"
    "What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?"
    "If you met a genie what would your three wishes be?"
    "If you could write anyone on Earth in for President of the United States who would it be and why?"
    "What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said to someone else?"
    "Who was your worst kiss ever?"
    "What’s one thing you’d do if you knew there no consequences?"
    "What’s the craziest thing you’ve done in front of a mirror?"
    "What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever said about someone else?"
    "What’s something you love to do with your friends that you’d never do in front of your partner?"
    "Who are you most jealous of?"
    "What do your favorite pajamas look like?"
    "Have you ever faked sick to get out of a party?"
    "Who’s the oldest person you’ve dated?"
    "How many selfies do you take a day?"
    "Meatloaf says he’d do anything for love but he won’t do “that.” What’s your “that?”"
    "How many times a week do you wear the same pants?"
    "Would you date your high school crush today?"
    "Where are you ticklish?"
    "Do you believe in any superstitions? If so which ones?"
    "What’s one movie you’re embarrassed to admit you enjoy?"
    "What’s your most embarrassing grooming habit?"
    "When’s the last time you apologized? What for?"
    "How do you really feel about the Twilight saga?"
    "Where do most of your embarrassing odors come from?"
    "Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?"
    "Have you ever cheated on a partner?"
    "Boxers or briefs?"
    "Have you ever peed in a pool?"
    "What’s the weirdest place you’ve ever grown hair?"
    "If you were guaranteed to never get caught who on Earth would you murder?"
    "What’s the cheapest gift you’ve ever gotten for someone else?"
    "What app do you waste the most time on?"
    "What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done on a plane?"
    "Have you ever been nude in public?"
    "How many gossip blogs do you read a day?"
    "What is the youngest age partner you’d date?"
    "Have you ever picked your nose in public?"
    "Have you ever lied about your age?"
    "If you had to delete one app from your phone which one would it be?"
    "What’s your most embarrassing late night purchase?"
    "What’s the longest you’ve gone without showering?"
    "Have you ever used a fake ID?"
    "Who’s your hall pass?"
    "Be honest: Do you have a favorite child?"
    "Which of your family members annoys you the most and why?"
    "What is your greatest fear in a relationship?"
    "What’s your biggest pet peeve about the person to your left?"
    "What’s the most embarrassing text in your phone right now?"
    "Have you ever seen a dead body?"
    "What celebrity do you think is overrated?"
    "Have you ever lied to your boss?"
    "Have you ever stolen something from work?"
    "What’s the longest you’ve gone without brushing your teeth?"
    "What’s your biggest regret in life?"
    "Who would you hate to see naked?"
    "Describe the weirdest thing you’ve ever done while inebriated."
    "Have you ever regifted a present?"
    "Would you break up with your partner for 1 million USD?"
    "Have you ever had a crush on a coworker?"
    "Do you still have feelings for any of your exes?"
    "What’s the smallest tip you’ve ever left at a restaurant?"
    "Have you ever regretted something you did to get a crush or partner’s attention?"
    "What’s one job you could never do?"
    "Have you ever ghosted a friend?"
    "Have you ever ghosted a partner?"
    "What’s the most scandalous photo in your cloud?"
    "If you switched genders for a day what would you do?"
    "How many photo editing apps do you have on your phone?"
    "How many pairs of granny panties do you own?"
    "What are your favorite and least favorite of your body parts?"
    "When’s the last time you got dumped?"
    "What’s the most childish thing you still do?"
    "When’s the last time you dumped someone?"
    "If you had to pick someone in this room to be your partner on a game show who would it be and why?"
    "Would you date someone shorter than you?"
    "Have you ever lied for a friend?"
    "Name one thing you’d change about every person in this room."
    "When’s the last time you made someone else cry?"
    "What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done in front of a crowd?"
    "If you could become invisible what’s the worst thing you’d do?"
    "After you’ve dropped a piece of food what’s the longest time you’ve left it on the floor before eating it?"
    "What’s one thing in your life you wish you could change?"
    "If you could date two people at once would you do it? If so who?"
    "What’s something that overwhelms you?"
    "What was the greatest day of your life?"
    "What’s one useless skill you’d love to learn anyway?"
    "If I went through your cabinets what’s the weirdest thing I’d find?"
    "Have you ever farted and blamed it on someone else?"
    "What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done at work?"
    "How many people have you kissed?"
    "What’s your number?"
    "Have you ever gotten mad at a friend for posting an unflattering picture of you?"
    "What’s your most absurd dealbreaker?"
    "Who was your first crush or who is your current crush?" 
    "How old were you when you had your first kiss?" 
    "What would you do if your current boyfriend/girlfriend ended things right now?" 
    "Have you ever cheated on a boyfriend/girlfriend?" 
    "Have you ever been cheated on by a boyfriend/girlfriend?" 
    "If you could go on a date with anyone in the room who would it be?" 
    "What personality traits would cause you to end a friendship?" 
    "Would you go behind a friend's back with a crush?" 
    "Have you ever lied to your best friend?" 
    "Would you ever cheat off a friends paper?" 
    "How many different best friends have you had during your lifetime?" 
    "If you were stuck on a deserted island which friend would you want with you?" 
    "How long have you gone without showering?" 
    "Have you ever told a lie during a game of Truth or Dare? What was it and why?" 
    "Have you ever had a crush on anyone here?" 
    "Have you ever stolen anything?" 
    "What's your scariest nightmare?" 
    "What do you think is your biggest physical flaw?" 
    "Have you ever gone skinny dipping?" 
    "What kind of pajamas do you wear to bed?" 
    "What's the dumbest thing you've ever done on a dare?" 
    "What color is your underwear?" 
    "Have you ever peed in the swimming pool?" 
    "If you weren't here what would you be doing?" 
    "If you couldn't go to the college or get the job of your dreams what would you do?" 
    "What is one thing you've never told anyone else?" 
    "What do you want to be when you grow up?" 
    "What kind of person do you want to marry someday?" 
    "Do you want to have kids? How many?" 
    "If you could switch places with someone for a day who would it be?" 
    "If you could invent anything what would it be?" 
    "If you knew the world was about to end what would you do?" 
    "If you could be born again who would you come back as?" 
    "Are you scared of dying? Why?" 
    "What is your biggest fear?" 
    "What happened on worst day of your life?" 
    "Have you ever climbed a tree?" 
    "Have you ever sang and danced in the grocery store?" 
    "If you could be a superhero what would your power be?" 
    "What would you do if you were invisible for a day?" 
    "If you life were made into a movie who would play you?" 
    "What's your biggest pet peeve?" 
    "What is your special talent?" 
    "What's the best meal you've ever had?" 
    "What's you favorite Disney movie and why?" 
    "What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?" 
